feat(iam): support login protect for user (#4247)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/identity_user.md

* `external_identity_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the type of the IAM user in the external system.
  Only **TenantIdp** is supported now. This parameter must be used together with `external_identity_id`.

* `login_protect_verification_method` - (Optional, String) Specifies the verification method of login protect. If it is

>   empty, means disable login protect.
>   
>   Valid values are as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  empty, the login protection will be disabled.
  
  Valid values are as follows:
```
